EDU-15950 - Implementing cross-border stores (#2433)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Business-models/implementing-cross-border-stores.md

---
title: "Implementing cross-border stores"
slug: "implementing-cross-border-stores"
hidden: false
excerpt: "Learn the initial steps for implementing a cross-border store."

> createdAt: "2026-06-16T00:00:00.000Z"

Author: ```suggestion
createdAt: "2026-08-11T00:00:00.000Z"
```

---

> A cross-border store is a specialized [multistore](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/managing-a-multistore--4S0lFVBPylRS5KpVgdyDhJ) setup where a VTEX account operates multiple localized stores for different countries or regions, each with its own catalog, prices, logistics, and language.

Author: ```suggestion
A cross-border store is a specialized [multistore](https://help.vtex.com/en/docs/tutorials/managing-a-multistore) setup where a VTEX account operates multiple localized stores for different countries or regions, each with its own catalog, prices, logistics, and language.
```

* **[Fundamental tools](#fundamental-tools):** Set up the tools you must have for your cross-border operation to work correctly.

>ℹ️ The cross-border implementation is available only for stores developed using [Store Framework](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/store-framework).

## Store architecture

To choose the most appropriate architecture that meets your business needs, address some initial questions that define the operation.

### Defining the operation

Before implementing your cross-border store, make sure you have the following information ready:

* **Target regions:** Identify the countries/regions where your store will operate.
* **Currencies and languages:** Determine accepted payment currencies and supported site languages.
* **Inventory management:** Decide if inventory will be managed from a single country or locally in each country/region.
* **Tax and export partner:** Choose a partner for handling export taxes and fees for international operations. To find a partner, visit the [Partners](https://vtex.com/en-us/partners/) page on the VTEX website.
* **Catalog translation:** Check if your catalog is translated or needs localization for each country/region.

> * **Promotions:** Plan the types of promotions for each store. Learn about the types available in [Promotions](https://help.vtex.com/subcategory/benefits--1yTYB5p4b6iwMsUg8uieyq) guides.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Promotions:** Plan the types of promotions for each store. Learn about the types available in [Promotions](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/promotions-and-taxes-category) guides.
```

> * **Operations:** Consider any existing physical stores, sellers, or other operations abroad. Learn more in [VTEX account types](https://help.vtex.com/tracks/vtex-store-overview--eSDNk26pdvemF3XKM0nK9/4yPqZQyj0t675QpcG7H6yl#vtex-account-types).

Author: ```suggestion
* **Operations:** Consider any existing physical stores, sellers, or other operations abroad. Learn more in [Accounts and architecture](https://help.vtex.com/en/docs/tracks/accounts-and-architecture).
```

## Store architecture

To choose the most appropriate architecture that meets your business needs, address some initial questions that define the operation.

### Defining the operation

Before implementing your cross-border store, make sure you have the following information ready:

* **Target regions:** Identify the countries/regions where your store will operate.
* **Currencies and languages:** Determine accepted payment currencies and supported site languages.
* **Inventory management:** Decide if inventory will be managed from a single country or locally in each country/region.
* **Tax and export partner:** Choose a partner for handling export taxes and fees for international operations. To find a partner, visit the [Partners](https://vtex.com/en-us/partners/) page on the VTEX website.
* **Catalog translation:** Check if your catalog is translated or needs localization for each country/region.

> * **Promotions:** Plan the types of promotions for each store. Learn about the types available in [Promotions](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/promotions-and-taxes-category) guides.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Promotions:** Plan the types of promotions for each store. Learn about the types available in [Promotions](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/overview-pricing-module) guides.
```
